Garrett Beatty
beattyg2@tcnj.edu

856-905-6074 http://www.gbeatty.com

Education

·

The College of New Jersey Bachelor of Science in Computer

Science

Ewing, NJ Aug. 2015 - May 2019

­ Advanced Courses: Natural Language Processing, High Performance Computing, Combinatorics

Work Experience

·

The College of New Student Researcher

Jersey

Ewing, NJ Jan. 2017 - Aug. 2017

­ Designed a machine learning infrastructure with a team of 5 students and faculty in Python using

machine learning and statistical analysis libraries such as scikit-learn, numpy, pandas, and matplotlib.

­ Improved the speed of the infrastructure by 95% by adding support for parallel processing on the

High Performance Cluster (HPC).

­ Researched and integrated active learning stopping methods into a machine learning infrastructure in

order to reduce annotation cost within the Natural Language Processing (NLP) field.

·

Comcast Software Engineering

Intern

Philadelphia, PA Jun. 2016 - Aug. 2016

­ Increased the efficiency of the Quality Assurance team by creating a Node.js application that

automatically generates unit testing reports, which can be filtered by date, device type, operating

system, etc.

­ Collaborated with another intern to create a web application in C#, HTML, and Javascript that

connects to an SQL database to retrieve customer session information.

Languages/Skills
· Proficient: Python, Java · Past Experience: C, C++, C#, SQL, Ruby, PHP, Javascript, Node.js, Perl, MATLAB · Tools: Git, SLURM, Jenkins, UNIX
Projects

·

Google Photos Location Visualizer googlephotosmapplotter.gbeatty.com

­ Created a web application that allows users to visualize their photos on Google Maps based on their

geo-location metadata.

­ Python, Flask, Google Maps API, Google Picasa API

·

ASL Translation asl.gbeatty.com

Program

­ Currently creating a program that uses a Convolutional Neural Network to translate American Sign

Language fingerspelling to text in real-time from a user's webcam.

­ Python, OpenCV, Keras

Publications
"Impact of Batch Size on Stopping Active Learning for Text Classification", Proceedings of the 2018 IEEE 12th International Conference on Semantic Computing (ICSC), Laguna Hills, CA, 2018.

Leadership and Activities
· President: TCNJ Table Tennis Club
Second Languages
· 3 Semesters: American Sign Language

